chore: forum email post (#10)
rhino-linux/blog: pages/news-23.mdx

---
title: New Rhino Linux Forums & Emails!
date: 2025/07/23
description: Over a year ago we said "We have long-term plans to move discussions away from Discord onto a public-facing forum. We are now happy to announce that our forums are now live! Additionally, we have now finally set up official Rhino Linux email addresses.
author: Rhino Linux Team
---

> # New Rhino Linux Forums & Emails!
> 
> Just over [a year ago](https://blog.rhinolinux.org/news-14) we said:
> > We currently have long-term plans to move development discussions away from Discord and onto a public-facing forum, which should allow for more structured discussions, better organisation of development tasks and a more centralised location for development discussions. Until then, we will continue to utilise Discord as our primary development channel. Updates on the development of this forum will come soon.
> 
> We're happy to announce that The Rhino Linux Forums are now live and you are able to access it [here](https://forum.rhinolinux.org). These forums should serve as another way that we are able to engage with you, our community. On the forum you will be able to: recieve announcements about Rhino Linux, get help and support from members of the team and our community, engage, discuss, contribute and keep up to date with Rhino Linux development and get notified of hotfixes that are available.
> 
> Additionally, we have now finally set up official Rhino Linux email addresses. You can now contact us at:
> - support@rhinolinux.org - Help and support.
> - contact@rhinolinux.org - General enquiries, PR
> - desktop@rhinolinux.org - Anything revolving around desktop development and bug reporting.
> - systems@rhinolinux.org - Anything revolving around Rhino Linux systems development, and bug reporting.
> - pacstall@rhinolinux.org - Anything regarding pacstall development and bug reporting.
> 
> To be perfectly clear, the Rhino Linux Team will still continue to be active in our community Discord server. Development discussion will occur on both our Discord, as well as our forums. Critical information like certain announcements, tracker issues deemed a priority by members of the team and active hotfixes have already been mirrored on our forum. As new tracker issues come in, or old ones get bumped, new threads should be created on them to mirror them on our forum.
> 
> We hope to see you there!
> 
> Many thanks, and happy rolling,
> 
> The Rhino Linux Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# New Rhino Linux Forums & Emails! 
  
Just over [a year ago](https://blog.rhinolinux.org/news-14) we made a commitment: 
 > We currently have long-term plans to move development discussions away from Discord and onto a public-facing forum, which should allow for more structured discussions, better organisation of development tasks and a more centralised location for development discussions. Until then, we will continue to utilise Discord as our primary development channel. Updates on the development of this forum will come soon. 
  
Given this commitment, we're now happy to announce that [The Rhino Linux Forums](https://forum.rhinolinux.org) are now live for all users to use! These forums should serve as another way that we are able to engage with our community.

On the forum, you will be able to: receive announcements about Rhino Linux, get help and support from members of the team and our community, engage, discuss, contribute and keep up to date with Rhino Linux development and get notified of hotfixes that are available. 
  
Additionally, we have now finally set up official Rhino Linux email addresses. We are now able to be contacted at: 
 - support@rhinolinux.org - Help and support. 
 - contact@rhinolinux.org - General enquiries, PR 
 - desktop@rhinolinux.org - Desktop development and bug reporting. 
 - systems@rhinolinux.org - Rhino Linux systems development and bug reporting. 
 - pacstall@rhinolinux.org - Pacstall development (in regards to Rhino Linux) and bug reporting. 
  
The Rhino Linux Team will still continue to be active in our community Discord server. Development discussion will occur on both our Discord and our forums. Critical information like certain announcements, tracker issues deemed a priority by members of the team and active hotfixes have already been mirrored on our forum. As new tracker issues come in, or old ones get bumped, new threads should be created on them to mirror them on our forum. 
  
We hope to see you there! 
  
Many thanks, and happy rolling, 
  
The Rhino Linux Team
```

Author: LGTM

---
title: New Rhino Linux Forums & Emails!
date: 2025/07/23

> description: Over a year ago we said "We have long-term plans to move discussions away from Discord onto a public-facing forum. We are now happy to announce that our forums are now live! Additionally, we have now finally set up official Rhino Linux email addresses.

Reviewer 2: Missing closed quote.

  
Just over [a year ago](https://blog.rhinolinux.org/news-14) we made a commitment: 
 > We currently have long-term plans to move development discussions away from Discord and onto a public-facing forum, which should allow for more structured discussions, better organisation of development tasks and a more centralised location for development discussions. Until then, we will continue to utilise Discord as our primary development channel. Updates on the development of this forum will come soon. 
  
Given this commitment, we're now happy to announce that [The Rhino Linux Forums](https://forum.rhinolinux.org/) are now live for everyone to use! These forums should serve as another way that we are able to engage with our community.

On the forum, you will be able to: receive announcements about Rhino Linux, get help and support from members of the team and our community, engage, discuss, contribute and keep up to date with Rhino Linux development and get notified of hotfixes that are available. 
  
Additionally, we have now finally set up official Rhino Linux email addresses. We are now able to be contacted at: 
 - support@rhinolinux.org - Help and support. 

>  - contact@rhinolinux.org - General enquiries, PR 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - contact@rhinolinux.org - General enquiries, PR.
```

Forgot a period.

>  - contact@rhinolinux.org - General enquiries, PR.

Reviewer 2: Support and contact are the same email.

Author: True but I thought the distinction could be good, can change now.

 - desktop@rhinolinux.org - Desktop development and bug reporting. 
 - systems@rhinolinux.org - Rhino Linux systems development and bug reporting. 
 - pacstall@rhinolinux.org - Pacstall development (in regards to Rhino Linux) and bug reporting. 
  

> The Rhino Linux Team will still continue to be active in our community Discord server. Development discussion will occur on both our Discord and our forums. Critical information like certain announcements, tracker issues deemed a priority by members of the team and active hotfixes have already been mirrored on our forum. As new tracker issues come in, or old ones get bumped, new threads should be created on them to mirror them on our forum. 

Reviewer 2: Oxford comma.
